#ij.plugin.Commands("new")                 # File>New
ij.plugin.Commands("quit")                # File>Quit
ij.plugin.filter.Filler("fill")           # Edit>Fill
ij.plugin.filter.Filters("invert")        # Edit>Invert
ij.plugin.Options("line")                 # Edit>Options>Line Width
ij.plugin.Options("io")                   # Edit>Options>Input/Output
ij.plugin.frame.Fonts                     # Edit>Options>Fonts
ij.plugin.filter.Profiler("set")          # Edit>Options>Profile Plot
ij.plugin.ArrowToolOptions                # Edit>Options>Arrow Tool
ij.plugin.Colors("point")                 # Edit>Options>Point Tool
ij.plugin.WandToolOptions                 # Edit>Options>Wand Tools
ij.plugin.Colors                          # Edit>Options>Colors
ij.plugin.Options("display")              # Edit>Options>Appearance
ij.plugin.Options("conv")                 # Edit>Options>Conversions
ij.plugin.Memory                          # Edit>Options>Memory & Threads
ij.plugin.ProxySettings                   # Edit>Options>Proxy Settings
ij.plugin.Compiler("options")             # Edit>Options>Compiler
ij.plugin.Options("dicom")                # Edit>Options>DICOM
ij.plugin.Options("misc")                 # Edit>Options>Misc.
ij.plugin.Resizer("crop")                 # Image>Crop
ij.plugin.Duplicator                      # Image>Duplicate
ij.plugin.filter.Transformer("fliph")     # Image>Transform>Flip Horizontally
ij.plugin.filter.Transformer("flipv")     # Image>Transform>Flip Vertically
ij.plugin.filter.Transformer("left")      # Image>Transform>Rotate 90 Degrees Left
ij.plugin.filter.Transformer("right")     # Image>Transform>Rotate 90 Degrees Right
ij.plugin.Zoom("in")                      # Image>Zoom>In
ij.plugin.Zoom("out")                     # Image>Zoom>Out
ij.plugin.Zoom("orig")                    # Image>Zoom>Original Scale
ij.plugin.Zoom("100%")                    # Image>Zoom>View 100%
ij.plugin.Zoom("to")                      # Image>Zoom>To Selection
ij.plugin.Zoom("set")                     # Image>Zoom>Set...
ij.plugin.Zoom("max")                     # possible Image > Zoom command
ij.plugin.filter.Filters("smooth")        # Process>Smooth
ij.plugin.filter.Filters("sharpen")       # Process>Sharpen
ij.plugin.filter.Filters("edge")          # Process>Find Edges
ij.plugin.filter.Filters("add")           # Process>Noise>Add Noise
ij.plugin.filter.Filters("noise")         # Process>Noise>Add Specified Noise
ij.plugin.filter.SaltAndPepper            # Process>Noise>Salt and Pepper
ij.plugin.filter.Shadows("north")         # Process>Shadows>North
ij.plugin.filter.Shadows("northeast")     # Process>Shadows>Northeast
ij.plugin.filter.Shadows("east")          # Process>Shadows>East
ij.plugin.filter.Shadows("southeast")     # Process>Shadows>Southeast
ij.plugin.filter.Shadows("south")         # Process>Shadows>South
ij.plugin.filter.Shadows("southwest")     # Process>Shadows>Southwest
ij.plugin.filter.Shadows("west")          # Process>Shadows>West
ij.plugin.filter.Shadows("northwest")     # Process>Shadows>Northwest
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("add")         # Process>Math>Add
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("sub")         # Process>Math>Subtract
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("mul")         # Process>Math>Multiply
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("div")         # Process>Math>Divide
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("and")         # Process>Math>AND
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("or")          # Process>Math>OR
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("xor")         # Process>Math>XOR
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("min")         # Process>Math>Min
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("max")         # Process>Math>Max
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("gamma")       # Process>Math>Gamma
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("set")         # Process>Math>Set
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("log")         # Process>Math>Log
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("exp")         # Process>Math>Exp
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("sqr")         # Process>Math>Sqr
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("sqrt")        # Process>Math>Sqrt
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("reciprocal")  # Process>Math>Reciprocal
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("nan")         # Process>Math>Set Background To NaN
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("abs")         # Process>Math>Abs
ij.plugin.frame.ContrastAdjuster          # Image>Adjust>Brightness/Contrast
ij.plugin.Converter("8-bit")              # Image>Type>8-bit
ij.plugin.Converter("16-bit")             # Image>Type>16-bit
ij.plugin.Converter("32-bit")             # Image>Type>32-bit
ij.plugin.Animator("next")                 # Image>Stacks>Next Slice
ij.plugin.Animator("previous")             # Image>Stacks>Prev Slice
ij.plugin.Animator("set")                  # Image>Stacks>Set Slice
ij.plugin.StackEditor("add")                # Image>Stacks>Add Slice
ij.plugin.StackEditor("delete")            # Image>Stacks>Delete Slice
###### PHASE THESE OUT SOON
#ij.plugin.Converter("8-bit Color")        # Image>Type>8-bit Color
#ij.plugin.Converter("RGB Color")          # Image>Type>RGB Color
#ij.plugin.Converter("RGB Stack")          # Image>Type>RGB Stack
#ij.plugin.Converter("HSB Stack")          # Image>Type>HSB Stack
#ij.plugin.ImageCalculator                 # Process>Image Calculator  -- temporarily reenabled for testing
